# Reca11: Automated Generation of Accessibility Test Reports from Recorded User Transcripts

This repository includes the artifacts and code for the paper entitled "Automated Generation of Accessibility Test Reports from Recorded User Transcripts", authored by Syed Fatiul Huq, Mahan Tafreshipour, Kate Kalcevich and Sam Malek, in Proceedings of the 47th International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE), 2025.

## Artifacts
1. Transcripts for the projects experimented on (_'artifacts/transcripts'_)
2. Contextual information like tasks and tech parameters (_'artifacts/context-files'_)
3. Reports generated by Reca11, as configured in Research Question 2 in the paper (_'artifacts/reports'_)

It is to be noted that, due to confidentiality concerns, data regarding Fable's internal project, D<sub>fb</sub>, is not provided. This includes transcripts, generated reports, and tech parameters.

## Code
The *src* folder contains the source code for running Reca11. 

### Instructions to run
Ensure you have Python [installed](https://www.python.org/downloads/). 
```console
python --version
```
Reca11 uses Python 3.10.

The necessary external libraries are listed in _'src/requirements.txt'_, which you can install as follows,
```console
pip install -r src/requirements.txt
```

You can run the program with _'main.py'_.
```console
python main.py
```

Since Reca11 uses GPT 4.0-Turbo, successful runs require an OpenAI token. Add your token as an OS environment variable, with the name _'OPEN_AI_KEY'_. The variable call is located in _'src/executor.py'_ line 12.

The resulting reports from a run will be stored in _'outputs/project-name/session-name'_ folder.

### Configure Runs

- **Parameters**

Currently, the tool runs 5 times per sessions, on all sessions, from all three projects. To configure these parameters:
	- Run different amount of times: change _RUN_NUM_ in _'main.py'_ 
	- Run on subset of projects: update _PROJECTS_ array in _'main.py'_


 - **Internal Guidelines**

Reca11 uses multiple contextual information in its prompt, including internal guidelines, referring to documentation any client of this tool - an accessibility user testing platform - uses as their organizational guideline. In the paper, the tool uses Fable Tech Lab Inc.'s internal document. Since this document is proprietary, it is not shared with the artifacts. However, any one using this tool can include their own documentation inside _'artifacts/context-files/internal_guidelines.docx'_.


- **New Input**

To test Reca11 on new transcripts, 
	- Create subdirectory for the new project: _'artifacts/transcripts/\<project-name>'_
	- Store new transcripts (.vtt files)
	- Add entries in _'artifacts/context-files/tasks.csv'_ and _'artifacts/context-files/tech_params.csv'_, for mapping contextual information to new transcripts
	- In _main.py_, include project name in _PROJECTS_ array
